[Applause]
you look fantastic and that's a
beautiful dress you have on
and you smell good on top of it thank
you everything is in place when did the
cannoli go wrong from we can only go
downhill from it
when did you start using Pinot at the
end of your name eight years ago the
last time you were here was like I like
to pretend that your last name is is
Hayek Kimmel instead I reject Pinot yeah
so now you know you know Pinot oh it's
Pinot very good you got it I told them I
said I bet it's Pinot like Renault like
the car because it's a French last
Maybach they said no no no he no no no
like the wine you know but you did it
right the last time now let's see if you
can spell it so euros if you can spell
Pinot okay it is written right there how
are you doing everything all right
you're enjoying summer and yes traveling
around the world yeah I thought we went
to Costa Rica for the first time I've
never been to go really never been there
wow that's a beautiful place did you go
to the rainforest and see that yes we
saw a little bit of everything so lots
of animals Oh what animals did you see
oh we saw whale dolphins
call core drives I saw a sloth actually
we did we saw different types of lots of
bogs very strange balls and lots of
times types of three different types of
monkeys monkeys are funny in the wild
monkeys while yeah we saw two two types
but we didn't see them the spider monkey
which the kids really wanted to see so
we had to move to another location to to
look for the spider monkeys and after
two hours in the canals in a boat and no
monkeys the gun and my kids going crazy
finally the guy said you know what maybe
they're at my house because
have a tree there sometimes they come
let me call my wife and sure enough we
want to list there were the monkey tree
of something called water apple okay and
it was full of the spider monkeys and
you know me I have to taste everything
and I've never had a water apple so I
went under the tree immediately
everybody's looking at the monkeys I'm
you know show me the apples in my mouth
as fast as I can and the monkey thing
got very upset because then he started
throwing apples at my you know screaming
and he was like super furious which was
hilarious no my kids are really happy to
see him in action
sure and then I started laughing too and
he got more angry so he tried to pee on
me he start to follow me on the trees to
do to pee on my I got some drops I
really to this day I don't know if he
you know hated me or he was trying to
mark me as he's there at all
Wow you should've just yelled your last
name Pino you know what I really did you
think about maybe getting a spider
monkey no no no no but I was gonna put
him in my Instagram but he was once he
started being peeing on me I said forget
it I'm not putting you in my Instagram
you know that I put the other monkey
with a huge boner monkeys I think it's
probably because they get stuck in the
branches are they start to
it wouldn't make sense I mean it seems
logical yeah you mentioned the bugs were
there snakes in the jungle as well I'm
sure I see one but there was one in the
house we were saying a boa is that the
kind you had in from dusk till dawn
that's it was it a boa me like that was
a Python oh that was a Python yes that
was a big Python and I had to go on
trance in order to dance with it because
I have a phobia for the snakes it's
normal to have a phobia of snakes yeah
trance-like really focus and go in a
trance and then they would put the snake
and then you cannot choreograph the
snake so I had to dance on a trance and
improvise you know and just go along
with this I'm really proud of that I
should be proud of it yeah because if I
come out of the trance I would have like
freaked out I think and the her name was
work his name was Lee moon I don't know
if it was a female or a male but he was
either a male or a lesbian three times
it put the tail under my bikini and curl
the tail and started pulling down the
other ones and I had to like nicely push
that they pick my thing up and continue
to dance eagerly the snake are in your
underwear on the side and you lived you
didn't have a heart attack and drop that
right on the spot I'm really proud of
that you should be proud of that I'm
rather than I wasn't even
[Applause]
but earlier the whole time we're talking
I have this the Sun in my eyes he wanted
to look sexy for you tonight you are a
star here I want to know what's gonna be
the moon that's gonna go over you turn
around show her the moon do you love
clicking buttons and subscribing to
things then click the button to
subscribe to my channel and you'll
finally be happy